Targets transition mega PR (#2)
USGS-R/ds-pipelines-targets-2-course: responses/12-visualize-pipeline.md

The diagram also shows how the inputs of one function create connections to the output of that function. `site_data` is used to build `site_data_clean` (and is the only input to that function) and it is also used as an input to `"1_fetch/out/site_info.csv"`, since the `nwis_site_info()` function needs to know what sites to get information from. These relationships result in a split in the dependency diagram where `site_data` is directly depended on by two other targets. 

---

#### tar_manifest()

> Another useful technique for examining your pipeline connections is to use `tar_manifest()`, which returns a data.frame of information about the targets. While visual examination is convenient, sometimes it is useful to have programmatic access to your target names. Below is the table that is returned from `tar_manifest()` (remember that yours might be slightly different because it won't incldue the two new files). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another useful technique for examining your pipeline connections is to use `tar_manifest()`, which returns a data.frame of information about the targets. While visual examination gives a complete overview, sometimes it is also useful to have programmatic access to your target names. Below is the table that is returned from `tar_manifest()` (remember that yours might be slightly different because it won't include the two new files). 
```
